was a groundbreaking ceremony for a new
factory did she mention seeing anyone
who was sick and he went on a plane the
airport no said she was jet-lagged the
average person touches their face three
to five times every waking minute in
between we're touching doorknobs water
fountains and each other man no no I go
up to your room buddy
so we have a virus with no treatment
protocol and no vaccine at this time you
had a seizure this morning beverage wall
street's as of last night there were 32
cases
unfortunately she did die right I said
can I go talk to her
mr. mas your wife is dead what are you
talking about what happened to her what
happened to us
is there any way someone could weaponize
the bird flu is however looking at
someone doesn't have to weaponize the
bird flu the birds are doing
watch this it's transmission so we just
need to know which direction on day one
there were two people and then four and
then sixteen in three months it's a
billion pets where we're heading
they're calling out the National Guard
they're moving the president underground
people open it get away it will tip over
the truth is being kept from the world
cook your samples destroy everything
hello I need you to get me the names of
everyone who serviced this room it's an
emergency you can't panic now and I'm
gonna get you home I got people to dr.
Cheever we all did
don't talk to anyone don't touch anyone
stay away from other people
visitors are we're not so
Pickering up sound faster than we're
figuring you know
you